Improve kerberos documents (#4771)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/security-kerberos.md

Note that if you are using Oracle Java, you need to download JCE policy files for your Java version and copy them to the `$JAVA_HOME/jre/lib/security` directory.

> Here is some other prerequisites that will use in this configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Consider removing this sentence? 

Reasons:
1. Based on the context, it does not need a transition sentence here.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50226895/61676868-142c6500-ad30-11e9-92c6-db7962af51c8.png)

2. If the sentence is removed, it has no impact on the doc.

> #### 1.1.1. Kerberos Principals

Reviewer: You want to use the ordered number list to show the hierarchy and structure cleary, that's good, but a more effective way is to generate the ordered number list automatically rather than manually.

> #### 1.1.1. Kerberos Principals

Reviewer: You want to use the ordered number list to show the hierarchy and structure cleary, that's good, but a more effective way is to generate the ordered number list automatically rather than manually.

Author: seems hard to auto generate. removed them

sudo /usr/sbin/kadmin.local -q 'addprinc -randkey client/{hostname}@{REALM}'
sudo /usr/sbin/kadmin.local -q "ktadd -k /etc/security/keytabs/{client-keytabname}.keytab client/{hostname}@{REALM}"
```

Note that it is a *Kerberos* requirement that all your hosts can be resolved with their FQDNs.

> The first part of Broker principal (e.g. `broker` in `broker/{hostname}@{REALM}`) is the `serverType` of each host, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first part of Broker principal (for example, `broker` in `broker/{hostname}@{REALM}`) is the `serverType` of each host, 
```

Avoid using `e.g.` in a formal text.

> It can be value `broker` (host machine runs service Pulsar Broker) or `proxy` (host machine runs service Pulsar Proxy). 

Reviewer: What's the meaning of "It can be value"?

    and the location of the keytab where the principal is stored. It allows the broker to use the keytab specified in this section.
2. `PulsarClient` is a section name in the JASS file used by each client. This section tells the client which principal to use inside Kerberos
    and the location of the keytab where the principal is stored. It allows the client to use the keytab specified in this section.

>     In the following example, this `PulsarClient` section will also be used in the Pulsar internal admin configuration, 

Reviewer: Do you mean the following?

```suggestion
In the following example, the `PulsarClient` section can be used in the Pulsar CLI tools as well, for example, `pulsar-client`,  `pulsar-perf`, and `pulsar-admin`. You can add multiple `PulsarClient` sections for different purposes.

    in cli command of `bin/pulsar-client`, `bin/pulsar-perf` and `bin/pulsar-admin`. You can also add different section for different use case.

> It is also a choice to have 2 separate JAAS configuration files: the file for broker will have both section; while the one for client only have `PulsarClient` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can have two separate JAAS configuration files: 
* The file for a broker has both `PulsarBroker` and `PulsarClient` sections 
* The file for a client only has `PulsarClient` section
```

### 1.2. Kerberos configuration for Brokers

#### 1.2.1. configure `broker.conf` file
 

>  In the `broker.conf` file, set Kerberos related configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 In the `broker.conf` file, set Kerberos related configurations.
```

 - Set `authenticationEnabled` to `true`;
 - Set `authenticationProviders` to choose `AuthenticationProviderSasl`;
 - Set `saslJaasClientAllowedIds` regex for principal that is allowed to connect to broker;
 - Set `saslJaasBrokerSectionName` that corresponding to the section in JAAS configuration file for broker;
 

>  In order to get Pulsar internal admin client working right, You need these 2 configuration in `broker.conf` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make Pulsar internal admin client work properly, you need to set the configurations in the `broker.conf` file as below. 
```

>  - set `brokerClientAuthenticationPlugin` to client plugin `AuthenticationSasl`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Set `brokerClientAuthenticationPlugin` to client plugin `AuthenticationSasl`;
```

>  - set `brokerClientAuthenticationParameters` to value in Json string `{"saslJaasClientSectionName":"PulsarClient", "serverType":"broker"}`, in which `PulsarClient` is the section name in above `pulsar_jaas.conf` file, and `"serverType":"broker"` indicate that internal admin client will connect to a Pulsar Broker;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Set `brokerClientAuthenticationParameters` to a value in a JSON string `{"saslJaasClientSectionName":"PulsarClient", "serverType":"broker"}`, where `PulsarClient` is the section name in the `pulsar_jaas.conf` file, and `"serverType":"broker"` indicates the internal admin client will connect to a Pulsar Broker;
```

 Here is an example:

```
authenticationEnabled=true
authenticationProviders=org.apache.pulsar.broker.authentication.AuthenticationProviderSasl
saslJaasClientAllowedIds=.*client.*
saslJaasBrokerSectionName=PulsarBroker

## Authentication settings of the broker itself. Used when the broker connects to other brokers
brokerClientAuthenticationPlugin=org.apache.pulsar.client.impl.auth.AuthenticationSasl
brokerClientAuthenticationParameters={"saslJaasClientSectionName":"PulsarClient", "serverType":"broker"}
```

#### 1.2.2. Set Broker JVM parameter

>  Set JVM parameter for JAAS configuration file and krb5 configuration file with additional option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Set JVM parameters for JAAS configuration file and krb5 configuration file with additional options.
```

Make sure that the keytabs configured in the `pulsar_jaas.conf` file and kdc server in the `krb5.conf` file are reachable by the operating system user who is starting pulsar client.

> #### configure CLI tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configure CLI tools
```

If you are using a command-line tool (such as `bin/pulsar-client`, `bin/pulsar-perf` and `bin/pulsar-admin`), you need to preform the following steps:

Step 1. Config your `client.conf`.
```shell
authPlugin=org.apache.pulsar.client.impl.auth.AuthenticationSasl
authParams={"saslJaasClientSectionName":"PulsarClient", "serverType":"broker"}
```

> Step 2.  Set JVM parameters for JAAS configuration file and krb5 configuration file with additional options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2. Set JVM parameters for JAAS configuration file and krb5 configuration file with additional options.
```

Make sure that the keytabs configured in the `pulsar_jaas.conf` file and kdc server in the `krb5.conf` file are reachable by the operating system user who is starting pulsar client.

#### 1.3.2. configure CLI tools

> If you are using command line tool (such as `bin/pulsar-client`, `bin/pulsar-perf` and `bin/pulsar-admin`), you need 2 steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a command-line tool (such as `bin/pulsar-client`, `bin/pulsar-perf` and `bin/pulsar-admin`), you need to perform the following steps:
```

> Step 1. Config your `client.conf`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1. Config your `client.conf`.
```

```shell
authPlugin=org.apache.pulsar.client.impl.auth.AuthenticationSasl
authParams={"saslJaasClientSectionName":"PulsarClient", "serverType":"broker"}
```

> Step 2. Set JVM parameter for JAAS configuration file and krb5 configuration file with additional option.

Reviewer: Same comment

```shell
   -Djava.security.auth.login.config=/etc/pulsar/pulsar_jaas.conf -Djava.security.krb5.conf=/etc/pulsar/krb5.conf 
```

You can add this at the end of `PULSAR_EXTRA_OPTS` in the file [`pulsar_tools_env.sh`](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/conf/pulsar_tools_env.sh),

> Or you could add this line `OPTS="$OPTS -Djava.security.auth.login.config=/etc/pulsar/pulsar_jaas.conf -Djava.security.krb5.conf=/etc/pulsar/krb5.conf "` directly in to the CLI tools script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or add this line `OPTS="$OPTS -Djava.security.auth.login.config=/etc/pulsar/pulsar_jaas.conf -Djava.security.krb5.conf=/etc/pulsar/krb5.conf "` directly to the CLI tool script.
```

> The meaning of configurations are the same as in Java client section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The meaning of configurations is the same as that in the Java client section.
```

superUserRoles=client/{clientIp}@EXAMPLE.COM
```

## 4. Regarding authentication between ZooKeeper and Broker

Pulsar Broker acts as a Kerberos client when authenticating with Zookeeper. According to [ZooKeeper document](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/ZOOKEEPER/Client-Server+mutual+authentication), you need these settings in `conf/zookeeper.conf`:

```
authProvider.1=org.apache.zookeeper.server.auth.SASLAuthenticationProvider
requireClientAuthScheme=sasl
```

> And add a section of `Client` configurations, which use in the `pulsar_jaas.conf` that used by Pulsar Broker:

Reviewer: What's the meaning of "which use in"? 

Do you mean "which is used in"?

```
 Client {
   com.sun.security.auth.module.Krb5LoginModule required
   useKeyTab=true
   storeKey=true
   useTicketCache=false
   keyTab="/etc/security/keytabs/pulsarbroker.keytab"
   principal="broker/localhost@EXAMPLE.COM";
};
```

In this setting, Pulsar Broker's principal and keyTab file indicates Broker's role when authenticating with ZooKeeper.

## 5. Regarding authentication between BookKeeper and Broker

> Pulsar Broker acts as a Kerberos client when authenticating with Bookie. According to [BookKeeper document](http://bookkeeper.apache.org/docs/latest/security/sasl/), you need add `bookkeeperClientAuthenticationPlugin` parameter in `broker.conf`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulsar Broker acts as a Kerberos client when authenticating with Bookie. According to [BookKeeper document](http://bookkeeper.apache.org/docs/latest/security/sasl/), you need to add `bookkeeperClientAuthenticationPlugin` parameter in `broker.conf`:
```

```
bookkeeperClientAuthenticationPlugin=org.apache.bookkeeper.sasl.SASLClientProviderFactory
```

> In this setting, `SASLClientProviderFactory` will create a BookKeeper SASL client in Broker, and use this client authenticate with Bookie node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this setting, `SASLClientProviderFactory` will create a BookKeeper SASL client in Broker, and use this client to authenticate with a Bookie node.
```

Who uses this client? 

What is "this client"? `SASLClientProviderFactory`?
